Global Content Repository urls (#419)
humanmade/altis-core: docs/global-content-repository.md

The Global Content Repository site is set to be a private site by default. This can be modified by switching the site to a public one from the Network Admin > Sites management page, clicking `Edit` on the site, and checking the `Public` checkbox.

> When using media from the Global Content Repository, the url for the selected media will always be relevant to that of your Global Content Repository site and not the site it's being displayed on.

Reviewer: I usually like to call something like this out with a bit of bold text to start like:
```suggestion
**Note:** When using media from the Global Content Repository, the URL for the selected media will always be relative to that of your Global Content Repository site and not the site it's being displayed on.
```
IMO it's a good habit for making it more likely people will see the gotchas when looking at docs.

Also changed:
- relevant -> relative (when talking about URLs they are relative or absolute, relevant kind of means the same but doesn't make sense in this context)
- url -> URL (acronyms should be capitalised)

Author: Thanks for the feedback Rob.
